Let's not focus too much on the UNO.
So I'll be using our tags here and here I'm going to use ID.
So that would be extension tabs.
And here we will venture all the tabs so we can do that with the help of DOM manipulation and with the
help of popular Jews.
Now let's see if you have access to any tabs by using Chrome tabs, which is an API.
So as you can see, currently we are not getting the tabs.
Okay.
But now first, let's see that.
Do we have access to the window?
So if content is loaded, what function would be there?
So we have to add Chrome tabs here for that.
First of all, I'm writing the console here to check if we are getting access to the window.
So as you can see, we are getting down fully loaded.
So we do have access to the window and we can check if the dome is loaded.
Now let's try chrome dot tabs again, or even just chrome.
Oh, so now we are getting load times, rain times, etc..
So right click here and this can change on all sides.
So we have site access.
That's great.
So let's get the oil from this one.
So that will be documented.
Senator.
And we have to select.
And we have to select from ID.
So we will use a hashtag and we will select the oil element.
So now we have to get all the tabs here.
So we will present all the tabs in an array.
And now we will push the query here for the Chrome tabs is a Chrome API, which I have covered before.
So.
For console lot log all tabs.
As you can see, we are still getting a letter which is cannot read properties of undefined.
This means that we are not getting access to this chrome dot tabs.
So let's see how we can get access to columnar tabs.
So the solution is pretty obvious.
It is because we don't have the necessary permissions yet.
So we are going to send the message from pop up to background noises because we cannot use chrome tabs
from the background script.
So we will access Chrome tabs from the pop up file and we will send them to the background file.
So in the transcript we have six written, so it means that we are applying cases globally.
So that means we are applying sources to all the other websites as well.
But this.
Yes, I should work only for a pop up, but it should not work for all other websites.
So we will remove the CSS from the content script and we will use the CSS just for our pop up.
So when we update this and now we can see that our SIS was not is not affecting the webpage.
So now let's send a message to background this and let's get a list of all the tabs.
Now let's see how we can do it.
We have to go to poverty.
Yes.
And instead of this, what we're going to do is we're going to remove the soil.
And here I'm going to send one message here.
So how we can send a message?
We will send the message with chrome and time.
So we're going to use Chrome and time dot send message.
So send message is also an API and runtime is also a Chrome API.
So this is our default syntax for sending messages in Chrome between different files.
So here we are going to take of time on message.
So we will listen to the messages.
So you can see that in the popular days I have spent time here, that is, get tabs.
So wherever the message is coming through background or JS, it will listen to all the requests which
after type get tabs.
So that is how you send and listen to messages in chrome extensions.
So now,
after listening to that query, we can send responses as well.
So as you can see, we have a center that is from where this request is sent.
So if you are sending our response back and we're getting that response back in this pop up script.
So now let's see that in just.
So let's clear these past errors and update.
Updated.
And as you can see now, we have access to all our apps.
We are getting two tabs and that is pretty good, right?
And keep in mind, this is something that you'll be doing very often with Chrome extensions, that is
sending messages between files, because a lot of times you will see that the background file does not
have a lot of permissions.
So you really have to use service workers and pop up files.